// $Id: cck_taxonomy_subset.txt,v 1.1 2009/03/05 17:13:30 bwong Exp $

CCK Taxonomy Subset
-------------------
To install, place the entire folder into your modules directory.
Go to administer -> site building -> modules and enable it.


Description
-----------
This module defines a CCK field that allows filtering of the taxonomy
terms select field for a vocabulary in the same node type that
contains the field. Each field has one vocabulary associated with it.
This CCK field is designed to work with vocabularies that
are not hierarchical, that have a single value and are not free tags.

This allows terms from a common vocabulary to be used with a set
of node types where each type may use a subset of the terms.

A subset of a single term will force that value.

A subset can be specified by a selected set of values or
the inverse. The latter allows a field definition that
handles new term additions to the vocabulary.

Multiple fields for different vocabularies can be included
in a single node type. Multiple fields for the same vocabulary
may have unintended results and is not support.

Subset specifications can overlap and are under control of
the person defining the field.


Operation
---------
1. Create a vocabulary to be filtered.
   * Select the node types to be affected.
   * Add terms to the vocabulary.
2. Create a new cck_taxonomy_subset field in each node type.
   * Select the matching vocabulary
   * Select the operating mode (show or hide)
   * Select the terms to filter

The field does not display in either the create/edit form
or when the node is displayed. It simply provides the filtering
mechanism in the create/edit form.

Selected terms may need to be edited if terms are added or
deleted from the vocabulary. Deleted terms are ignored.

The field has no affect if the vocabulary is not associated 
with the node type or if it is not displayed as a select field.

Removing the cck field enables selection of all terms but
does not affect existing nodes. The same is true when
adding the field. 



Note:
-----
This approach is dependent on how the taxonomy module
renders and themes the vocabulary selection.

